[Music]
[Music] [Applause] [Music]
[Laughter] [Applause]
[Music] oh yeah
breaking with it oh yeah welcome back to Lady Babylon satanic
initiation we're almost done here with the season isn't that amazing thanks for sticking around for so long I appreciate
your time and I respect it so I'd like to get right two things tonight with a
couple of comments just to get some feedback here can you flash those up there Chewie
um actually you know what let me just tell you what we're gonna do in general tonight
um we are sorry I didn't mean to jump right on like that you can't do that to people right okay this is what we're
gonna do we're gonna get in that time ship and we're gonna go back right to the moment
to the crucifixion I mean we're going to be time Stompers we're gonna stop it
right at that moment so that you can see the expression on his face
so that you can see him 100 I want you close enough to smell him so that you
can tell me as investigators you can tell me I think this is what's going on tonight we've got a mystery yeah we're
detectives tonight people and tonight we're gonna find out what happened who
killed Jesus tonight on lady Babylon
[Music] thank you
and let's go let's go forward we've got a little bit of tonight for your viewing
pleasure I want you to be able to see a little bit of a deposition that took place and I'm gonna warm us up tonight
with that deposition I'm just going to play it again but I want you to think of yourself think of yourself in the top
floor of downtown Minneapolis building full of legal offices
and people taking depositions and going here and there looking at that you see
the whole city from up there right um and that's where we are that's where we are and we are with a
group of attorneys who are attempting to
um draw out draw out a uh well you be
the judge you be the judge what is it they're trying to draw seven hours of questioning hit it Chewie
obscene in some of the documents Mr Hellman that there is reference to what
is called a muse correct and sometimes
it seems in reading some of the documents it's hard to know whether you're the one who is actually speaking
or providing information or where the information is coming from a muse
is that fair let me I'm not quite sure what you're asking tell me about
[Music] you have amused yes
what is your Muse or who is your Muse The Muse is a
Divinity that inspires poets she's the voice of inspiration
in Antiquity she was worshiped does the Muse have a name
there are several of them yeah what are they Cleo is the muse of History so as I
was a graduate student I considered myself her student Medea is a Roman Muse she was the first
and I consider myself a student of her poetry all of the effects what you say
or what you do the muses use poetry to inspire
so as a teacher I consider it my duty and obligation to serve that process of
inspiration poetic inspiration do you hear the news from time to time not
audibly I read poetry so I hear her speak through the poems
and do you hear either of your Muses in
your mind from time to time I don't hear anything in my mind that I don't read
from a text as an academic no I don't hear any voices in my head
how is it that the news guide you from day to day well the news is the purpose
of the news was to reveal Beauty and so the servant of the Muse is bound
to perpetuate that teaching and you yes
[Music] I would say so yes
then right correct I am just too yeah
well you know I would say that I'm bound to serve it everything that those
Divinity stood for in antiquity if you say I'm bound to serve Bacchus I
would have to say sure what sparcus it's a who not a what oh
snap you didn't know Bacchus was the son of simile and he became for the Greeks and some of
the Eastern cultures he became the god of the Vine the god of ecstasy Lord Divine or Vine
Vine like Grapevine he was the god of wine he was the god of
ecstasy so he is betrayed oftentimes
working in concert with the muses teach and to inspire yes I have to say I
am bound to serve him stop me
it's my duty [Music]
is [Music] n't dirty your first question
try to keep an idea yes in your conceptualization of this
is there more than one dude I think personally it breaks and Romans
established religious ideals and it's every human being's duty to Aspire to
because they reflect things like Beauty and nature Mr Hillman you have some tattoos on both
sides of your head can you tell me what they represent sure
would you mind addressing me as Dr Hillman
and I'll bring you more later it gets to Crescendo and you wonder you remember
while you're watching this these little clips that this is a transcript of an
actual event so um it's very interesting to watch to see what people you know um you could put
1339 on it and people would not know the difference yeah fantastic you didn't
think it was relevant but back then when it was attacking education before it attacked the
government it attacked us first Ryan we had mobs and book burnings
for everybody else they just warmed up right yeah you cannot remember the
goddess Justice is the last to leave she's the last to leave you have one
hope keep Justice or lose your democracy keep Justice nobody is above her nobody
is above her fantastic let's go Jump Right In I want us to uh I had a couple
of comments there for people to maybe just go ahead and run one of those one or two of those comments Chewie let's
just let people see what's going on a masterpiece oh this was my publicist must have picked this up almond how many
children will be spared this [__] because you have the courage to tell the truth you have beautiful heart thank you
Doctor much respect and appreciation thank you Todd thank you Tom for taking
your time to watch yeah and you know who knows maybe it's a maybe it's our duty
maybe it's our duty to bring this reality right how it may help out a lot
of people molested and raped or you know mentally raped and molested yeah yeah
um so we're there you know what I mean satanic mission is a humanitarian
Mission definitely definitely let's um let's get in the comments see what's up
yes look at this help me out here what is the alternate explanation that defends the church give for uh what went
on during all of these initiations and ceremonies now this is absolutely wild
I'm having a hard time imagining what defensive narrative they would offer or
offer yeah remember that that was great comment yeah
um remember that we are in a time where uh mystery religions are performing
rights that are involving sex and drugs and there's a lot of people getting
busted for a lot of stuff right not the drugs right Romans don't care about the
drugs the Romans don't care about the drugs why am I talking about this because our spaceship has reached the
time that we needed to reach and here we are first century right here we are oh
God love this all right what's the context here we got piracy boys
piracy we're gonna have to take out take out more of the Pirates right we've done
this before um we can do it again so I want us to start I want us to start
in one place one place remember these are International Dealers and souls right so um we have to
be careful with these people it's the first century Caesar himself got abducted by a group of these people
yeah right fantastic fantastic speaking of mail
um I just want I want to go to this uh well we'll look at it in a minute I've got an anonymous student who sent in a
little bit about the pirates that I thought hey this is perfect let's start with some uh Greek tonight where are we
so this guy gets up right everybody out of the time ship let's go here we are
this guy gets up right and he runs over and he fills up this sponge he fills up
the sponge once you fill it up with Ox sauce Ox sauce now you and I take it down for
a minute you and I have already learned we already have this within our investigation somebody's got the files
that in the geoponica we're told explicitly that the oxos is
the common name for the Viper Venom yeah antidote and when I say antidote I
don't mean they just somebody gets bitten and you get whoop antidote right better
no I'm talking about the anti-farmicon what is that I'm giving you something
that Wizards get so um here we go you witches out there
you real ones I know you're out there I get email from you anyway
that's what we have we have this anti-farmacon to balance it's by these
Visionaries and these prophets man remember the guys that are sneaking into Jude
right and they're like sitting in your service and looking at you hey right those are The Visionaries baby those are
the ones that enter the dreams and pull out those Visions they're those
apocalyptic we're talking where are we talking
John John the what what do we call that guy John come here hairy guy dressed all
up and skinned look at this he's eating the honey he's got his he's got his bugs
yeah and what else is John Kara John you're the shut up just stand there John
just stand there just ladies and gentlemen this is John the Baptist in case you haven't figured that out you
can get a proper introduction John keep your no keep that on keep that on
there's a reason so um John tell me something what are you
what do you got underneath your you got a bulge there you got a bulge there what
you got well I know you're one of the baptized I know
you're one of the baptized who are the Bop tie well okay just a second guys kids
close your eyes right I'm gonna search John I'm gonna search him
I'm gonna search no I didn't plant that there don't drop it don't drop it is it
receive it it's a we try on Prime pear you say what
it's a glass priapus and some of you some of you get it oh
yeah one of those I used to know of a store that you could go and get those but all the windows were like had stuff
on them you couldn't see into it right and it had some kind of scribitory sign
on the front of it had to be of a certain age maybe or something I don't know but it had these they were there
these glass prior pair yeah
the glass priapus John the Baptist carries a glass priapus
now how would I translate that most clinically most clinically let me just
give it to you clinically let me give it to you clinically are you ready
the proper terminology would be medicated dildo
that would be the only way to politely YouTube really
Translate to hermeneuticize we're following Hermes
tonight right all of you who are on the throne you can see it right Hermes people were saying why is Hermes
important and people from that clip people from that Clipper saying why is he saying
Medea is the Roman it's the Roman Muse yeah ever hear of carminta guess who put
her there guess who put the Oracle in Italy you boneheads
all the accomplishments of these great this great Queen none of it just go to
topos search attacks for Medea and start looking at stuff that she just the
engineering stuff just the engineering stuff right it's amazing we don't have any any
care for it on this side well it's it's leeching it's leaching into their right
their mystery right everyone they're Bronze Age saturnian or satanic mystery
right is being taken over by this guy from Nazareth that people
keep calling the king the king yeah love it and that's what got us here
that's what Goddess here as we got off the ship did you guys notice they had arrested Jesus you'd already run out of
the garden with a naked kid he's got his hands in there I'm not a child trafficker
child trafficker yeah okay so now they've put him on the cross they've put
on the cross and we're watching them Jesus this is a special
this is a special occasion for those of you who've been been here from the beginning you I think you'll understand
this but tonight we have a special Witness
we have the deceased himself right we have the deceased himself Jesus
I want you to speak to me Jesus I want you to tell me
what was it what was it in your head when they
pinned you to the pole after they found you with that naked kid
what is it I know it's unpleasant I know it's
unpleasant but we have to do it right it's what you know
Department of trans-dimensional Justice right it's uh it's the way the universe
works out right if you don't like it um you're welcome to complain
fantastic um people want to look more at the Pirates let's go to some Greek let's
pull out some Greek what's going on in peoples yeah go ahead bring that one up did we finish that one yeah oh no so he
takes out the takes out the sponge with the auctions in it we know what that is right and he does what he puts it on a
reed and he gives him to drink of it and he says now watch this
edumen
auton yeah okay hey watch this guys let's
watch and see if Elijah is usually how Alias is
translated right [Music]
yeah yes um
let's watch and see what happens wait what what did that Soldier say wait
all I got was they some dudes that were there cracking some kind of joke or
seeing if he will well well what are they doing well he's been in and out
he's been saying things and screaming about being thirsty yeah and he's been saying stuff
so he said something that tipped us off and what was that thing that he said
let's go there let's go there look everybody back in the ship we're going back by two minutes okay go ahead get us
there Chewie lightspeed nope next one
there we go and uh this is what Jesus is doing at the time what was that
Son of God would you please pick up for me and Jesus
let out this great voice
and breathe out his breath for the last
he X pneumaticized yeah he took out his breath this is the
way people have a saying to die in Antiquity right the breath is the life
what that pneuma you don't have januma anymore you don't have life
that's the way it is yeah love it lovely imagery they've got now but he he breathes down his line
okay so there is people he's dead he's dead on the cross
there's a problem he's early nobody else is dead
the two people that he's hanging between those people aren't dead why because this is not how you die from
crucifixion you die from crucifixion by suffocating yeah
so when it came time when it came time we've got some problems with the guards
they're telling us Jesus died prematurely it's now at this point when
he breathes out that last air okay two minutes ago what did he just say that
these these people were making a joke about him hallucinating I want to see
what was he saying take us back no one more
there we go yeah and in the ninth hour he shouted at Boyson you know what this
is not this is not the behavior of somebody who's dying from loss of blood it's not
he shouted out Jesus in this great voice he's got the guy's got some pipes on him
right and he's he's bellowing out foreign
this must be the sacred language of the Angels
um if you would stop just for a second those of you who are my students go ahead and put it back up with you see
the words that you get here I want you to tell you and Louis Ellery that Lambda
is oftentimes a representative of a Dye gamma right you'll get it the people up
the stream they couldn't pronounce it the same way so what do we have here we have ewe we have the shout that is given
to Bacchus and what do we have in sabakthane we've got two Gods we've got
Samba and we've got Saba in his sonian version written large do you know what
this is this is the shout of a bakunt who is performing the mystery take it
down what is crazy is that he got himself killed
while performing the mystery itself he was supposed to enter into death and
then come out in Resurrection but his boy got clipped and he ended up dazed on
a cross screaming out bockick imprecations to the God and they go on
in that verse it goes on in that verse and talks about
it yeah what we interpret this to mean why
because it wasn't a language it was a magical expression
from the walks magikai right the war case Magica excuse me the voice says
plural the magic voices good
all right do you see how we're are we getting this okay we've got him we've
got him screaming I'm thirsty I'm thirsty right we've got him long story short he gets poked in the side right
because the soldiers come out why do they come out to break people's legs and why why are they breaking people's legs
go ahead and bring out the next Greek yeah so the soldiers come out right they came out and what happened they broke
they smashed the legs of the first guy Ryan like they're using some kind of
hammer right and and then what they did while they smashed the legs of the other
guy the ones that were crucified with him
okay so you've got to see this is all because people didn't want the view for
the holiday that was coming up to be a bunch of dudes on crosses
who wants that when Grandma comes with all of her presents I don't right
so what did they do they took they took down Jesus [Music]
right that's what the text tells us
and how are they going to take him down well he's got to be dead right just finish the execution you know how the
Romans finish your crucifixion Jesus hold your ears this might be painful
I'm not talking Mel Gibson painful right I'm not talking three hours of the most
delightful gruesome sadistic stuff that I've ever seen invented I mean this Mel
Gibson and the Marquis de sad are right in the same place those guys those guys
would get along you know what I mean same level you and me Mel you and me
yeah decide it's amazing so um let's get back to the actual crucifixion Jesus
close yours so they get to the to Jesus and of course as we just saw he's
already dead he's already dead and that's when one of the guys yells
out yeah he was the son of God do you know why
you can follow the fairy tale and you will
oh behold the son of God
right that's the fairy tale the other side is the sons of God like the baptized
right we're a group of people associated with a drug and sex ritual
fantastic sons of God you know what they did
yeah yeah they got together with the ladies the ladies like Mary Magdalene
did you guys know the sons of God they didn't know the sons of God I can't believe this
I can't believe this they were with Mary and her crew right Jesus is always hanging around
with what group he's not hanging around with the wealthy
he's not hanging around with the um business people
now he's hanging around with the prostitutes and the accountants
yeah fantastic okay so within the circles he's able to do the right
so much so that he gets himself caught
so imagine this you are being crucified
while you are under the influence of drugs
drugs that are balanced with a sexual act between you and a child
you have freaked out because they have found you and you have your hands raised
up and you say I am not a child trafficker and you know what they do
they get a mob up that's pissed and they crucify three child traffickers together
do you know what the text tells us sells it tells us on let's show it show the show the people because don't take my
word for it right they were crucified with him Duo lay
style oh look there's no word there's no word
where the hanging on his right hand on his left or on his right hand and on the one that
we don't say bad things about right because we all know it's the Sinister one but you know that's how they said
left isn't that funny yeah right okay take it down does
there's your lace style right and Watch What Happens people this is why it's important what we do because we work
right now we have a museum going watch what one of my students said put up put
up that email don't say who don't say who this is Bible put it up put it up I don't think you'd care but there you go
good day Alan I was just reading diadors when I Came Upon This in book five
Laguna isn't that a nice word filo Guna that's the word to love
that's the word to love and the word for woman
together in the same word look at that the Greeks have a word for
woman lover woman lover yeah are you one of those women lovers
well apparently this tribe that he's talking about
have so much love for their women they love their women more than anybody does
yeah yeah you know why because when they're women get captured by Pirates
they'll trade four men for one of their
own females back that's how much they love women they'll trade four do you know why this
tribe did that because they understood the resource
it's that simple they understood the resource in her
voice these are the people that are starting they're developing those rights
that you and I are studying it's coming from a feminine voice
yeah love it love it did you know there's a feminine savior
um 1200 years before the masculine savior that took over and monopolized
the system did you know it was started by a woman yeah does that surprise you
yeah does it surprise you that she could get all the way over into Italy we call
her the wrong all the way from the Black Sea you should see the engineering projects
that she worked on fantastic fantastic so here we are we've been breaking the
knees right breaking those legs of those people so that and the Roman soldier
notes okay dude is dead already
dude is dead pokes him in the side out comes a whole bunch of water this guy was drinking a ton of water right
because whatever he was on dips us then it was making him crazy crazy thirsty
right who knows how many Venoms that guy had in his body who knows how much he
had but did you see the rapid death that set in the rapid death
the prophet remember what is Jesus doing right before
he gets put on the cross what's he doing they got him made up like a king bro
they got a purple robe on him they got an crown of thorns
right they have an icanthic crown on his head for those of you who have been
in the right you'll know why yeah and they've got a purple robe on
them and they're smacking them telling them hey which one of us is
gonna hit you right boom who was that which one of us was that
right they're playing a game why because he's a prophet he's a prophet
he's a prophet and when he was arrested with that naked
boy first thing out of his mouth is I'm not a I'm not one of the kid Traders
right let's bring up the next we're almost um
at the end I want to see that one yeah oh can we go back to that letter take a look at this two people take a list um
though I didn't need convincing he says he says I was also curious about the
Abduction of Cora and look to see how harparge and harpazzo excuse me were
translated in the English Bible right it was watered down to robbery or plundering even though it's described as
rape everywhere else enjoy your day thanks great great input right so you see how
somebody can step forward and they did from the last time that we met
and said that boy who is with him who is not a boy
he's a full-grown naked man wrapped in bandaged
just on his Goombas though yeah those people said look he's just
saying I had a lot of indignation for those of you evangelicals who wrote back thank you for writing back please keep
it up I enjoy it and I think it's a good forum but when you write back to me and you
say it it means robber I know right away that you don't do Greek number one and that's what this
student was showing you right this student just came along and said hey there's look I found another
context here where it talks about abduction it's not it's rape the history
of the world starts through Herodotus with abduction
rape you can call it child trafficking taking a young girl off to be the Bride
of some King it all starts with four of them one of
them is Medea yeah wow wow and Jesus runs I'm not a pirate I'm
not one of these you know why because he knew what those Roman soldiers can do right
wow walk up with a sledgehammer and turn your legs into pulp so you suffocate
we'd be done with this and everybody can be home look we got another Son of God up there
right and Jesus freaking out saying ah and well you can follow the fairy tale
and say it was at this moment kitties that the sins of the world were being
placed upon him and he's saying why'd you turn against me right why'd you tongue is me can you
imagine last words out of your mouth is you're going through a right is screaming at the power that is that who
is and was and will always be and saying why have you turned
yeah yeah saying some stuff that's out of a magic
incantation that bachons use while they are high high high
yeah was that cup of John's baby
it was that Papa John yeah that's what started the whole thing
that's what allowed him to have that Holy Spirit
right and you too you too my bride who's getting ready the
nymph you know I'm talking to the church you know his bride you know you're his
bride right you're that girl you're that girl that's getting abducted
that's you yeah and you know what Medea sends a Golden Crown
and it's going to consume bride groom and father
you guys have a great one thank you for coming tonight hail Satan
drinking whiskey [Music]
foreign [Applause]
[Music] [Applause] [Music]